link-dash-board (#1035)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-kubernetes-dashboard.md

[Kubernetes Dashboard](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard) is a general-purpose, web-based UI for Kubernetes clusters. It allows users to manage applications running in the cluster and troubleshoot them and manage the cluster itself.

<br />

<InfoBox>

> Palette also  provisions [Reverse Proxy Dashboard](/knowledgebase/how-to/reverse-proxy-dashboard) as an enhanced use case of Kubernetes Dashboard coupled with [Spectro Proxy](/integrations/frp). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette supports provisioning a [reverse proxy dashboard](/knowledgebase/how-to/reverse-proxy-dashboard) that can expose the Kubernetes dashboard. Use the [Spectro Proxy](/integrations/frp)  pack to enable this capability.

```
Re-written as the current language is confusing.
